Matrix Math:
    Quaternions
    Translation
    Rotation
    Rotation Matrix Eigenvalues
    Transformation Matrix
    Dot Product
    Cross Product

General Graphics:
    Graphics Pipeline
        Vertex Shader -> Clipping -> Rasterization -> Fragment Shader
    
    Clipping
        Points: Not really clipped. If a point is in any way outside of the clipping volume, entire primitive is discarded.

        Lines: If entire line is outside of the clipping area, entire line is discarded, otherwise line is clipped.

        Triangles: A triangle is clipped to the viewing volumeby generating appropriate triangles whose vertices are on the boundary of the fclipping volume.
    
    Frame Buffer: Contains the depth, stencil, color, and accumulation buffers. These buffers can be used as the destination for rendering.
    Color Buffers: Most important buffer, used to 
    
OpenGL:
    Variable Types
        (Uniform, Attribute, Varying Etc.)
    OpenGL Model
    Default Camera Location:
        Camera located at origin and pointed in the negative Z direction
    OpenGL Functions
    OpenGL Primitives
        The primative assembler divides primitives into a sequence of base primitives, and then passes them to the rasterizer to render.

Javascript:
    Flatten
    Event loop
        Since JavaScript is asynchronous, the event loop is used to decouple the caller from the response. In the event loop, the queue is polled for the next message, and when a message is encountered, the callback for that message is executed.


Misc:
    CIE Chromaticity diagram
        -Outer curve is the spectral locus (monochromatic)

    Equation of a Plane
        -Given normal vector n(a, b, c) and points P1(x1, y1, z1) and P2(x2, y2, z2)
        -a(x-x0)+b(y-y0)+c(z-z0) = 0
        -ax + by + cz = d
        -d = ax0 + by0 + cz0

    3D Homogeneous Points
    Display Techniques
        -LCD: Uses corkscrew shaped molecules to polarize and depolarize light
        -CRT: Uses large magnets to direct the flow of electrons onto a phosphorescent surface
    Visual Phenomenon
    
